>> Rachel Magario: Assistive
technology is amazing and it plays
until today a big part of my success.
I don't think I could be an Assistive
Technology Specialist today without technology.
I wouldn't have been able to go through
design school without technology
or business school without technology.
My first piece of technology was a typewriter
and it was key to help me do my homework
and be able to communicate with other people
when I didn't have anybody to transcribe braille
for my teachers so that really sped the process.
Unfortunately, typewriters are now
sophisticated and every time you made an error
until I got the electric one that had the
automatic eraser, didn't really work out.
I had to start all over again.
So computers are a big part of my life
and I think I carry my Mac Air probably
everywhere I go and my iPhone is definitely
with me all the time, even when I'm asleep.
Assistive technology, especially with
the phones today just with one tiny piece
of technology I can take photos and figure out
what I'm taking photos of and I can scan papers
and have the text be converted for me to read.
I can scan barcodes and figure out what product
I'm looking at and I can do color ID for colors.
It's not very great but at least it gives
me an idea if it's dark or light colors.
Assistive technology has
helped me connect to the world
with Internet, with so many other people.
It has helped me to be a little--
learn more about others and learn
what others have done before me.
I think the Internet has done that for everybody
but especially for me has given me another door
and another tool in my toolbox so I
can really connect with other people.
[ Music ]